Oh.
Ronald, how many times do you fuck them?
It's that's what you want.
Why the hell have you been dragging me around?
What am I doing here?
Huh?
Who the thing?
You can't say whatever you want.
We both know you cannot leave me.
No.
They did.
Put them back.
Yeah!
That was nothing serious.
Just forget about it.
So that's our apology.
My allergy.
You don't even remember.
Ronald, don't be so fucking dramatic.
You don't have an allergy.
You just get an itch.
Do you even fucking care?
Look, I'm here.
Aren't I?
Maybe I should fuck another woman and see if it rocks my boat.
Am I enough?
Just let's forget about it.
Are you fucking serious right now?
I'm not gonna let you get away with everything you want this time.
Fine.
I'm sure that a lot of people will appreciate your hard nipples.
If you want to have a life, you will do as I say.
Now, stay here and wait for me.
Understood?
If you want to have a life, you will do as I say.
Now, stay here and wait for me.
Understood?
So you're a black male in the neighborhood?
Who the fuck?
I'm Simon.
Who the fuck are you?
Looks like we're both having problems with ladies.
Perhaps there are other places to see happiness.
Happiness?
It's a long stretch.
What are your plans after dinner?
So, you just woke up the random strangers like this.
I'm the adventurous type.
It seems my luck is turned around.
You must be desperate if you're gonna pick it up after she stood up like this.
And other time, perhaps.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I hate making people wait.
Sorry, I had something much more romantic in mind.
Why are you really?
How come you just popped in my life?
You mean earlier in the woods?
No.
I wonder if I've seen you before.
Your face seems quite familiar.
Maybe I'll remember if you just take off your sunglasses.
Sorry, I can't.
Why?
It's my secret.
I'm willing to share with you for one of yours in return of course.
Fine.
This world is all much older than people that you know, to realize.
Sometimes things happen because they are beyond reality.
Not even a person, but a person.
But a person, you know.
Reality is the light.
We're through a real itself.
You know, that's a show.
It's magic.
Your sunglasses.
Are they still a part of the show?
Please take them off.
I said it I can't.
But instead, I'll let you in another secret of mine.
Have you ever heard of vampires?
Just when I thought you were in a cliche.
You won't prove.
And I will prove it.
But you'll have to share one of your secrets with me in return.
Not for blood at this.
I was expecting a cave or something when you said vampires, but this is kind of nice.
Well, this is my cave.
And this is the first time I'm bringing someone else with me.
This could be a line for some rich bastard.
But with these looks highly debatable.
I don't like having people around for a company.
Maybe you could try owning a pet.
But.
Thanks, vampire myth.
It's the rest of your vampire clan.
That's enough about me.
It's your turn.
Be ahead of the help.
Well, I still haven't seen the proof yet.
Go ahead.
You will see it's you.
I am.
Don't believe you.
Okay.
It's your turn now.
I'm actually married.
No.
First.
Yes.
Do you really feel unblun?
I don't kill them.
Look like dog shit.
Thanks, Stark.
Today is my birthday.
You still count your birthdays?
Really?
It's nearly 700 years, Stark.
And I still don't know shit about this world.
Well, you might not see your next birthday like this.
You're feeding yourself enough.
Things have been going downhill lately.
And I couldn't find out anything about not either.
Listen, Rigo.
You gotta be careful.
Things are getting out of hand and the hell is about to break loose.
You lived long enough for a vampire.
You gotta watch your diet.
Dark.
I believe I found her.
Really?
So what about the necklace?
Did it open?
Not yet.
Well, you have to be sure, Rigo.
And you cannot be sure until the eminent responds.
It's real.
I'm sure about it.
No doubt now.
Might have come here.
No.
I want to talk.
I want to sleep.
Myra!
Don't make me repeat myself again.
Come here.
Here.
What's this?
You want to show me your fuckbodies?
That was nothing important.
It was just an experience.
I don't have the energy for this right now.
What about you?
What about me?
Who the fuck sounds was it that I picked you up from?
I told you before.
An old friend from high school lives around and I went to visit him.
Don't you dare try to cover your shit out.
I told you to stay put.
What the hell did you get out anyways?
Why would I tell you that, huh?
Let's see what you've been up to.
Marcus, give me my phone.
Marcus, do you already know all about me?
You act like you own me.
I don't know everything, but I'll find out.
How do you know Vigo?
I saw pictures of him on your computer.
So he already got to you.
Got to me.
How do you know Vigo?
Tell me.
I was trying to protect you.
That's why we moved here in the first place.
You look terrible.
Are you sure you're okay?
I'll be fine.
Emma, Tini, and a double mark was shot for her.
You disgust me, but you're so hot.
It makes up for it.
I don't like it of you.
You all live such short lives and still manage to spread your field their own.
You mean like carbon footprint?
Are you a fucking vegan?
You didn't strike like one.
I thought you were a Trump supporter like myself.
But it doesn't matter.
I've always wondered what it would be like to fuck a Democrat.
This time I was trying to protect you from Vigo.
He's a vampire.
I know.
You don't?
And why the hell did you meet with him?
He was honest.
He means no harm.
I even offered himself my blood.
What?
Are you serious?
Show me the bite.
Did he try to turn you?
Relax!
He didn't bite me.
And he told me he doesn't kill for blood.
At least not anymore.
So that's the line of bullshit he fed you.
If you don't believe me, go see it yourself.
I'll send you the location.
Go.
You'll see it.
Today is your lucky day.
What's your part in this shit?
Take a guess.
Are you up?
Are you back?
Don't worry.
I'm one of the good ones.
Why me?
Huh?
What am I for you to?
Did you know that spirits never die and they are born again and again?
In different bodies.
I have more than enough spiritual shit for they Marcus.
What are you talking about?
You were my wife 500 years ago.
You and I.
We reigned over Romania.
I used to have you on my side all the time.
But there was another man.
Another man who wanted you.
We go.
One day I was away from war.
From my castle.
From our castle.
A message was delivered.
The note said.
The war has been lost.
And I died.
It was Vigo who sent the note.
He just couldn't accept you were in love with me.
You took your own life.
Either I could make it back in time.
In a hope to find your soul again.
I choose to become an immortal vampire.
But so did Vigo.
I found you before him and protected you.
Until now.
I do believe you.
But you could find a better way to keep me close than blackmailing me.
You're right.
I got lazy.
I'll delete pictures now.
You said you did it all for my own good.
I told you everything.
I'm just curious.
So you fucking that guy?
Was that for my own good too?
Look.
They live for hundreds of years.
It doesn't matter after a while if it's a man or a woman.
Please, please.
I do feel loyal to you in my heart.
And that should be enough.
I guess I'm making things up.
I'll go out for a run.
I need some fresh air.
This is kinda too much.
I told you baby.
It's not safe until I kill Vigo.
How can you even kill a vampire?
Can't we move to somewhere else?
I didn't like this place anyways.
Come here.
He will always be one step behind.
No matter how far we run.
The only way out is to kill him.
You saw what he's capable of.
Don't you need it too?
Blood, I mean.
That man you saw earlier.
Andy.
The guy you fucked.
He provides me.
So that I don't have to kill people.
With his own blood or someone else's.
You know, just leave it all to me, okay?
Can I at least have my phone back?
Are you gonna try to run away again?
I won't.
I will keep it for now.
You're dying.
Listen, the helmet has opened.
It is her.
I have finally.
I have finally found her.
What?
You cannot afford to get weaker now.
You cannot die now.
Listen to me.
Find something to feed on.
Find a fresh blood.
Like, right fucking now.
Right fucking now.
What do you want me to do?
He is weak now.
Should be easy for you.
Find somewhere quiet.
And call me when it's done.
Are you serious?
How the fuck am I supposed to do that?
Ugh, it's done.
Are you serious?
How the fuck am I supposed to do that?
Ugh, Ugh, it's done.
Are you serious?
How the fuck am I supposed to do that?
Ugh, Ugh is old and weak.
Plus, you've had to send me a raise.
Find one.
Tell me you're gonna leave that bitch.
When we're done with Ugh.
Promises.
Oh.
My.
You know what to do.
Tell me.
Tell me Marcos.
Tell me you'll love me.
Or I won't do it.
Why you a drink?
You look like shit.
Same story different than.
I'll be friends.
I was told to hand you over.
But now that I see you.
I cannot see myself going through Marcos's shit deal.
Like what?
If you make me promise.
I will save your life.
What promise?
Marcos refused to turn me.
No matter how many times I asked him.
I guess he did me a favor.
If you agree to my terms.
I will save you.
You lost your fucking mind.
Your choice.
Be calm.
It should be easy for you.
Find somewhere quiet and calm me when it's done.
Weco is old and weak.
Plus, you've had to send me a raise.
Find one.
Tell me to be calm.
You know what to do.
Watch market 10.
Still don't trust me do you bitch.
I do trust you.
Calm down.
I'm just scared.
And you're not making things easier for me to understand.
One last thing by the one last thing.
Take it.
I'll be back.
You had your chance.
But you fucked it up.
However, I'm the kind of person who believes in second chances.
So, do you want me to call Marcos or not?
Fuck you.
I guess not then.
It's too late now.
Is it done?
Are you at the location?
I'm on my way.
My law.
It's all going to be over soon.
Weco will no longer be a part of our lives.
Doesn't mean that I can go out now.
Just a bit more patience.
I'm almost done.
Hey.
Are you there?
Hello.
I'm alone with a vampire,
waiting another vampire in the middle of fucking nowhere.
What could possibly go wrong?
It's not safe here.
Marcos, I'm telling you.
It's really not.
What can I do now?
You tell me.
Okay, good point.
Yes, I found the keys.
We are going to his house now.
Meet me there.
Such a damn shame.